Dear *Dr. {name}*,

My name is Joel Joseph and I am currently in my junior year at the *Indian
Institute of Technology, Varanasi* India. I am also an undergraduate
researcher at the *Robotics Research Center* at my college.


I am hoping for the possibility of doing a *Research Internship* under your
guidance during the *summer of 2020* in order to gain experience in the
field of *Computer Vision* and help extend the state of the art.


As a Computer Vision and Robotics enthusiast, I have worked on various
projects based on Deep Learning, Image Processing and IoT. My ongoing work
at IIT Varanasi with Dr. Hariprabhat Gupta
<https://sites.google.com/site/hprabhatgupta/home> involves making Computer
Vision Systems for Autonomous Underwater Vehicles. The team cleared the
first two rounds of *SAVe (Student AUV Competition) 2019* at NIOT Madras.
Apart from that, I was a part of the team which got selected for the *Stude=
nt
Design Competition held at the ACM/IEEE Conference held at California for
building an autonomous voice controlled wheelchair* (Paper
<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Yz_HJX_NBeCua_TdEA2wiVtxrSqzi-1n/view?usp=
=3Dsharing>).
I have also worked on designing and fabrication of a mind-controlled bionic
arm which is now able to replicate up to six different human hand motions
robustly (Report
<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qJsMmV2c6lBgH_x_exNYfi8vmoVyx0UY/view?usp=
=3Dsharing>
, Video
<https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1v7CtJHJ51Zo22X3yqgIJ-3eBY8tkrZnF?u=
sp=3Dsharing>
). *My project of the Bionic Arm is incubated at the Cisco IoT Lab at
IIT-BHU. I am also hoping to publish my work at IIIT-Hyderabad at a
workshop at CVPR.*

I also love reading and implementing interesting research papers in Deep
Learning and Artificial Intelligence. I have designed and implemented an
innovative image enhancement architecture for colour (RGB) images using the
concept of *Deep Autoencoders*. Github
<https://github.com/joeljosephjin/llnet_implementation>

I am an ardent believer of =E2=80=98learn by doing=E2=80=99 which led me to=
 pick up
projects one after another since my freshman year. Eventually, I discovered
my passion for solving practical problems using technology.

I came across your work in the field of Computer Vision which I really
enjoyed reading and discussing with my peers here. Apart from that, I have
read some of your leading work and am really intrigued by your
publications. I hope to contribute to your projects, through my experiences
at the Robotics Club as well as from working on a wide array of projects.

I am considering to apply for a Ph.D. in this domain. An exceptional
research project at this stage would augment my grasp of this domain and
become a milestone in my career.

I would love to know if your lab has any openings for undergraduate
students in the duration of *May - Aug 2020*. Kindly consider my
application for a research internship during the said period under your
able guidance.

Please find attached, my Resume and my Github profile, Academic
References/Recommendations can be provided if needed.

Resume
<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FagzKDZ3suWR-vmEVGiGPZ04cZ3kw3Td/view?usp=
=3Dsharing>
Github <http://github.com/joeljosephjin>


Sincerely,
Joel Joseph
Junior Undergraduate
IIT BHU(Indian Institute Of Technology(Banaras Hindu University), Varanasi